readme.md, before:

#Spice
Spice is a personal file sharing service. It aims to be a simple and
clean alternative to cloud.app or dropbox for sharing files with
friends.

##Features:
* Upload many files just by dragging and dropping them on to the page.
* Private, public, and limited (viewable by link only) sharing.
* Syntax highlight code views

##Installation:
1. Checkout this repo
2. pip install pygments flask flask-login sqlalchemy wand shortid
3. Copy settings-example.cfg to settings.cfg and update values
4. Create an empty database: `python runserver.py init_db`
5. Create a user: `python runserver.py user`
6. Run the dev server: `python runserver.py`

For a production environment you do the above but instead of using
`python runserver.py` to run spice you would use uwsgi or your preferred
choice of python server.

##Todo:
* Markdown rendering
* Handle audio files nicely
* Export endpoint (should zip all files with correct names
  (when possible)
* File sets so you can easily share multiple files
* note field/custom key
* See if we can tweak the short-id alphabet (remove `-` and `_`)

Commit message:

Add some important files, update readme

readme.md, after:

#Spice
Spice is a personal file sharing service. It aims to be a simple and
clean alternative to cloud.app or dropbox for sharing files with
friends.

##Features:
* Upload many files just by dragging and dropping them on to the page.
* Upload files via cut and paste
* Private, public, and limited (viewable by link only) sharing.
* Syntax highlight code views

##Initial setup:
1. Checkout this repo
2. `pipenv install`
3. Copy settings-example.cfg to settings.cfg and update values
4. Export flask env vars:
    export FLASK_APP=spice
    export FLASK_ENV=development
4. Initialize database: `flask init-db`
5. Create a user: `flask create-user`
6. Run the dev server: `flask run`

For production you will want to use something besides flask to run the server.
This repo includes a spice.service file that uses uwsgi, you can update the
paths and copy that to `/lib/systemd/service/` and then you should be able to
do:

```
systemctl daemon-reload
systemctl enable spice
systemctl start spice
```

##Todo:
* Markdown rendering
* Handle audio files nicely
* Export endpoint (should zip all files with correct names
  (when possible)
* File sets so you can easily share multiple files
* note field/custom key
* See if we can tweak the short-id alphabet (remove `-` and `_`)
